Translation corrections (#354)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_004.txt

			NULL, "\"I see...!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100092", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　読まれる前に物量攻撃か！！」",

> 			NULL, " So they launched a mass attack before we could predict them!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So they launched a mass attack before we could predict it!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rとりあえず梨花ちゃんのジャッジで、レナの攻撃は有効と承認。…しかしレナ、あいつは合気道でもやってるのか？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "とりあえず梨花ちゃんのジャッジで、レナの攻撃は有効と承認。…しかしレナ、あいつは合気道でもやってるのか？",

> 			NULL, "For the time being, Rika-chan declared that Rena's attacks were both valid and approved. ...But did Rena practice aikido or something?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "For the time being, Rika-chan declared that Rena's attacks were both valid and approved. ...But since when could Rena use aikido?", Line_Normal);
```

//rその、ちらりと見える表情から、そして仕草から伝わってくる悔しさ。無力感。――なによりも失望からの、諦観。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その、ちらりと見える表情から、そして仕草から伝わってくる悔しさ。無力感。——なによりも失望からの、諦観。",

> 			NULL, "I could perceive their bitterness when I caught a glimpse of their expressions. They felt helpless. ...And above all, resignation from despair.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I could sense their bitterness when I caught a glimpse of their expressions. They felt helpless. ...And above all, resignation from despair.", Line_Normal);
```
